Ah, I'm so tired, I'm finally done.
I'm going to boil some water and we'll wash together
Pardon me?
I said I'm going to boil some hot water for us both
Let's wash all the dust off.
Anyway, this shower has to be taken
That is, if you need help
Ok ok ok ok
You don't have to say it, I understand what you mean.
But the two of us are like this now
It's most like moving pork overnight. Well, how about you?
Give the pheasant and wild boar to Grandma Xia
I'm going to look for an old friend
That's not very likely.
These dozen people have a hard time dealing with writing
You two deal with the fourth floor
You haven't been hurt before, have you?
It can be dangerous.
But ah we put this wild boar
Into the old hunter's trap
Wait until he stops struggling, then drag him out
We brought some meat down
The rest is on the mountain, ouch, Xiaoming
It's too dangerous
How worried would your family be if they found out?
It's scary.
But isn't this a wild boar?
Either he dies or I die
So I can only fight with him
I'm just lucky today
Our village can add vegetables
Dad, we can eat pork today
You know who to eat all day long
This is what Xiao Ning and Doctor Ren exchanged for their lives
Remember, take a few more people up the mountain later
Bring the pork back to work
Give the little family more meat, right?
multipoint
Don't ask me to keep it for myself, don't give me any more points.
How can you be so honest?
It doesn't say you couple
I took such a big risk to get it
Isn't it cheap to sell this?
You are a output victim
I have contributed to the village and the collective
This all contributes to the survival collective
There has to be a reward.
Real reward
And what about this?
Oh yes yes yes reward
I remember there were food stamps on the team
Cloth tickets or something?
What exactly is this talking about?
Later, me and the village
The other leaders will discuss it again.
Thank you for saying it directly, thank you, Sister Ma Hua
I'm going up the mountain with Brother Huazi now